Manage HTML entities in timed text tracks (#552)
openfun/marsha: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Using HTML entities in timed text tracks is allowed. Every tags used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using HTML entities in timed text tracks is allowed. Every tag used
```

>   will be escaped and render in the web page without executing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will be escaped and rendered in the web page without being executed.
```

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- introduce new setting AWS_BASE_NAME use to prefix all AWS services name

>   we use in the project.

Reviewer 2: I suggest:
- Introduce a new setting AWS_BASE_NAME to prefix all AWS settings in the project
